[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're at an undisclosed
location with Tim.
Tim is a tactical advisor in the
covert governance in Germany,
who analyzes and suggests
various strategies in relation
to extraterrestrial groups
in contact with Earth.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>>TIM: It's good to be here.
>>EMERY: We've talked
a lot about the Greys.
What other ET races are
influencing our planet?
>>TIM: Today we're heading
towards the really, really
dark abyss of the
universe because we're
talking about one
reptilian species that
is mentioned as an
enemy of the Greys
and also became an allegedly
enemy to the Earth people.
And we already heard
a lot of stories
from people in the
military that fought them.
And I got to admit that I don't
feel too comfortable speaking
about this topic.
But it's still really
important to understand
what is happening right now.
So I'm going to do that.
From my point as a
political diplomatic being,
I try to be as
neutral as possible.
I also have to mention
that I did not really
meet the species at all.
I mean, I had one incident
which turned out badly.
And so everything that
we are now talking about
is something that comes
directly from the Greys
or from the earthly military.
So we're talking about
that and about the species.
But I'm still trying to
be as neutral as possible
and maybe offer some
exit strategies to that
because the military clearly
has a different opinion on that.
The species we are
talking about I
know as being called
by the Greys as Zorgon.
>>EMERY: Did the Greys come
up with the name Zorgon?
>>TIM: Yes, the Greys came
up with the name Zorgon.
This is the way they
named that species.
I know that a lot of people
will now get to Google.
But they will find information
on a fictitious species
from, I don't know, some
book or anything else
and some details on that,
which is purely nonsense.
I have two explanations to that
because the military, at least
the episodes that I've seen
and the information that I've
read and pop culture,
they have a different name
for the species.
And I think it's
the same species.
But the Greys came up
with the name Zorgon.
And I have two explanations.
One is either this is the thing
about the subconsciousness
because they were applying
to earthly languages.
And some words were just
off in the communication.
And they might have
seen that there
is somebody who wrote
a fictitious book
about a reptilian race.
This is option one.
So that kind of moved this name
into the language of the Greys
communicating with us.
The second option, which
could also be possible--
and keep in mind that this is
the time traveling species that
overlook a lot of things.
They might have put that
name so the audience can
go to Google or something
and put it in and see
the images because there are
no officially released images
of non-terrestrial beings yet.
And what they see, that pretty
much depicts this species.
>>EMERY: Do the Zorgons resemble
any other race in the ET world
that we know of?
>>TIM: Yes.
I think from what I've
read in pop culture
and what I've heard about
other people coming forward
with their stories and
encounters with the species,
we are talking about the species
that is called the Draco.
>>EMERY: Is that how these
beings refer to themselves?
>>TIM: I don't know.
I've never met them.
There was one incident where--
I mean, I was naive and young.
And I was thinking, I was
able to communicate peacefully
and constructively
with the Greys.
And they're not easy to handle.
You need to be
careful about them.
So I thought, yeah,
let me check on them.
But it went wrong.
I don't remember things.
I had a terrible PTSD
for about two months.
But I thought a dragon
would attack me somewhere.
So that was terrible.
So I'm very, a, cautious.
And, b, as I do not have
any direct information,
I'm only giving you
second-hand information.
Yeah.
And I need to say that before
we continue with the episode.
>>EMERY: Do we
have any idea where
the Zorgons originate from?
>>TIM: I don't know that.
I have not looked
into the cases.
I have no memorized direct
experience with them.
I don't know.
I have been told that they
had in some point of history
some basis on Earth.
And they might have evolved from
some kind of dinosaur reptilian
species way back.
But I don't know that.
I do know and we all know that
there are stories about dragons
in the history of man.
And there are a lot of
dragons everywhere-- depicted
everywhere.
It might be because
they resemble that
in a way from the appearance
that this is the same species.
But I don't know that.
>>EMERY: What are the
characteristics of the Zorgons?
>>TIM: What I want to say is
that maybe this is all a hoax.
I don't know if
this species exists.
So that's what I'm wanting to--
what I think I
want to say to you.
>>EMERY: Why could the
Zorgons be disinformation?
>>TIM: I have no direct
contact with them.
The one that I had,
I don't clearly
remember because something
went terribly wrong.
Maybe that's the reason
to find somebody, put it
into a strategy
for planet Earth.
I'm just theorizing.
I don't know.
>>EMERY: You're cautious
because the Greys may
have planted disinformation to
promote reptilian propaganda?
>>TIM: Possible.
I don't know that.
And it's not only the Greys.
Every kind of military
on this planet
would benefit from
a common enemy.
I'm just saying that I
have no direct information
or direct contact with
them that I can remember.
I had this one incident.
I do not remember things.
I had some traumatic
experience actually.
But I know people are
talking about that.
There are people from the
military that actually
are claiming that they have
interacted and been in a war
with them.
And also, as far as I know,
the conventional military
on Earth right now, not
the secret space force
but the conventional
military on Earth,
is also preparing for
conflict with them
and also claiming they had
conflict on Earth with them.
>>EMERY: Where did you hear that
they have conflict with Earth?
>>TIM: From a conventional
military source
that was claiming that they had
direct encounter in the United
States with this species.
>>EMERY: If there was an
encounter with the Zorgons,
how would that
play out on Earth?
>>TIM: So, allegedly,
this is a warrior type
species that, a, can
move through time just
as the Greys do.
They have not come
to the level six
being yet because one of
their main "ingredients"
or evolutionary
strategies is fear.
This is something
when they evolve
from a reptilian previous
version of what they are now,
they realized that
fear is something
that can be useful
as a defensive
but also as an
offensive strategy.
We can see that this is a
strategy in the animal kingdom,
that there are some animals
that use fear in order
to protect themselves.
But, usually, they don't use
it as an offensive strategy.
It's more than, a, for example
a small lizard or a snake.
They tend to use this action
in order to scare an opponent.
But, normally,
they do not use it
for aggression but for defense.
And this species seem to
have developed some tactics
around fear and
angst, what we call it
in German, in order to, yeah,
attack planets and systems.
So they do it systematically.
>>EMERY: Or other ETs involved?
Or are they watching
this from a distance?
>>TIM: So as I'm
not a military guy,
I cannot answer that in detail.
But as far as I've been
told, these beings, Dracos,
have been in conflict
with many planets
and with many star systems.
And there is some kind of
alliance ship to encounter them
and to fight them back,
which is basically
the whole first
order, if we want
to use this alliance or
the name of the alliance.
So there are two charges
against the Zorgons or Draco
by the Greys, which I'm quoting.
The first charge is
that they violated
the law of the
first order by means
that they enjoy torture, which
means that enjoyment can all
only be achieved by breaking
the free will of the victim.
Included in the first charge
is that they also seem
to be engaged in sex slavery.
And this is also
something that happens
on this planet in different
ways and is deeply interwoven
in the system of planet Earth.
So that's the first charge that
the Greys claim against them.
The second charge
is they are breaking
the free will and the free
evolution of subjects.
And I think as they
gave them an ultimatum
to remove certain behaviors
on Earth, that runs out.
So this is why the conflict
is now being hotter than ever.
If you're looking for
an exit strategy--
and this is something that I'm
trained on, and it's not too
easy for me to articulate
that because those are very,
very strong charges--
that at least this
sexual slavery thing
could be something that could
be reframed in a positive way.
Though it's still
ugly and heavy.
>>EMERY: How can sex slavery be
reframed in a positive manner?
>>TIM: This is not
too easy to describe
because it's totally different
to what cultures on Earth
are like.
Normally-- so we know that
this-- or at least the
claims that the species
tries to hinder and block
the spiritual evolution
of the earth's people.
And sexuality is something
that is pretty divine.
And divine sexual energy can
be used to elevate the spirits
and to create the creative
force that is, for example, why
the snake is something
as a symbol for DNA
and for sexual
evolution, which is used
all over the place in South
America, in different sites,
or everywhere.
But the universe
could also use sex
as a kind of pleasureable play.
And within that,
prostitution, for example,
would be something
that could be allowed;
sex slavery if it's consensual,
could be something as an exit
strategy that could be allowed.
The bad thing about torture--
we talked about self-harm.
When it's the way
it is in this case
that the species needs
the break of the free will
in order to enjoy
the experience,
then we have a problem
because it breaks
the free will of the victim.
And it's very hard
to get around that.
So those are the two
charges against the species.
>>EMERY: They're
charged with that crime.
Has it been decided
what's going to happen?
>>TIM: To my knowledge,
to my understanding,
the conventional forces
and also some other forces,
military forces, are preparing
to fight against them.
And many people have claimed
that this has already been done
and in progress.
They also pose
some kind of threat
for this planet, which is one
of the many about, I don't know,
20 reasons why we have
this disclosure so fast
and so globally because the
worst thing that could happen
is an invading species.
And nobody is prepared for that.
So what the Greys are
saying is that they actually
want to make them vanish
from this experience
and bring them somewhere else so
that all the remainings that we
have about fear on Earth,
which I mean angst, actually,
and all the installations
that are on Earth
are currently being removed.
And that would help and also
the genetic manipulation that we
have inside of the human DNA.
So these are things that
seem to have happened.
From my standpoint, I know
these things are real.
Everyone can experience them.
I cannot tell if the claim and
the species that is charged
with is the actual
species that did all this.
So this is why I'm
pretty careful.
I'm not accusing anyone.
I'm just saying there
are things on Earth that
make it really hard to--
and a really ugly
place in some ways.
And this is being removed.
And somebody is
accused for that.
>>EMERY: Tim, are humans
capable of defending ourselves
against these reptilians?
Or is there an ET
intervention helping us?
>>TIM: Since humans
have been hand in hand
with other warrior
type species, they
have found alignship with
these warrior-type species.
So they actually are capable
of defending themselves.
And the Greys would always
prefer the involved species
to defend themselves before
they would do something
because they see themselves
as the super revision
instance, which means they
come in as the last option.
>>EMERY: Humans can defend
themselves, you say.
But if that reptilian race has
the advantage of time travel,
can't they come back and change
the outcome over and over
again?
>>TIM: To my
knowledge, there has
been time wars and
manipulation of time strings.
So at least the Greys--
I don't know if there are
any other helpful species.
But the Greys did a
lot of remanipulation
of the timelines.
And to my knowledge, the
Zorgons or Dracos or whatever,
they went through time in
order to manipulate the outcome
of the species of the Earth.
So the Greys gave
technology to the humans,
who were already
working on time travel
since the 1930s or something.
And that technology was given.
They set up a time unit
that observes timelines.
And those time units
are also reaching out
to the present time right now.
>>EMERY: Are the Greys the
only ETs fighting with us?
Or are others involved,
a federation of ET
civilizations possibly?
>>TIM: So to my
knowledge, I only
know about the Earth military
defending the planet.
Those time units are also
working in the present time
and also in future timelines or
in the future of this timeline,
so to speak.
It's a time string, so
many, many timelines.
And they're working in the
diversity of timelines.
But it also seemed there
are different members
of this first
order that are also
involved because they had
their conflicts with the Draco,
Zorgons.
But I'm not privy to that.
>>EMERY: Where are we
now with this battle?
And how do you
think it will end?
>>TIM: I'm not a
military expert.
So I'm more political
diplomatic being
that is sitting here and
giving out some information.
So you might want
to ask somebody
else on how the military
is doing right now.
But I think that
the installation
that is placed upon Earth
is being removed right now.
There have been lots and
lots of military operations
in this year and
in the last year.
I think that the
conventional military
is more and more prepared for
the battle; to battle them.
And it has been done.
The US and the UK
and also Russia,
they all have set up
their space forces.
Time units are heavily working
on correcting and hitting
timelines.
And also, the
Greys are involved,
which is the last of all
steps that's been taken.
I think that at some
point or another,
some government will
reach out to the public
and prepare them for something.
But I think that if I'm able
to bring out this information,
that we're at least in a more
stable position right now
than we have been some time ago.
And I also am hoping
that everything
will turn out peacefully.
>>EMERY: So where does
this take us, ultimately?
Does humanity thrive and
join our galactic family
or stay in this
suppressed state of being?
>>TIM: So one thing that
makes it pretty secure
is that we have those time
units, which are reaching out
from future events
to the present time
and correct things.
I think that we're going to have
some kind of knighthood system
on Earth, which means that it
will still be a warrior type
species.
The military will gain
power over the next years.
We will have a more centralized
governmental administrative
system of the
planet so that most
of the chaos we have on
this planet will vanish.
I also think that
removing the genetics that
block a lot of potential powers
and divinity from the species
will help the species to grow.
Other species will
come in the system.
And they will give
strategies and help
in some kind of way or another.
And I'm pretty sure
that everything
has been done that even though
it's a military and warrior
type species, that
in the end humanity
will play a light warrior role,
a good role in the system.
And, again, we have a mental
based, all connected universe.
And if we want to
participate in that,
even though we
don't want to fight,
then a very, very
good thing to do
is to reach out to
higher frequencies,
to reach out to higher beings.
I mean, consciously
wise, it's all us.
It's all us projecting things.
And if we connect to that
energy and we bring it down
on this planet and there
are lots and lots of species
and people, and beings,
and individuals doing that,
then that's good thing.
In any case, if
anybody doesn't know
how to participate
in that, then I
follow with what the community
has written in the comments.
Say it out loud possibly every
day, all shift happily now.
>>EMERY: Tim, that was
really informative.
Thank you so much for
being on the show.
>>TIM: It's not super
comfortable speaking
about that.
But thank you.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith.
And this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>ANNOUNCER: Next on
"Cosmic Disclosure."
>>TIM: So installation has
been an artificial set up
system on Earth in order
to subjugate and to hinder
the evolution of people.
Chemicals have been involved.
That's been spread
all over the planet.
Frequencies and
technologies to alter
the state of consciousness
in order to bring down.